
Tel: +254 725 654 081
P.O Box 436-00216, Githunguri, Kenya
Email: hwanjiku012@gmail.com


Financial Reporting: Expert at generating monthly reports: Profit and Loss Account, Balance Sheet, Trial Balance, and supporting ledgers.
Problem Solving and Analytical skills: Capable of analyzing, assessing, and calculating risks involved and finding solutions using logical reasoning. I also value accuracy and ensure every duty I undertake pays close attention to details and captures all the valuable data.
Communication Skills: Good command of the English and Swahili languages, great listening skills, and excellent verbal and non-verbal skills.
Tax and statutory deductions: Well-versed in various taxes (VAT, income tax, NHIF, NSSF, and withholding), as well as preparing statutory payments and payroll management.
ICT Competencies: Proficient in using Microsoft Office suite; Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Access. Also, an expert in using Accounting Systems, i.e., QuickBooks, Pastel, Sage, Power financials, SAP, and Navision.


WORK HISTORY
Accounts Assistant
Sai Pharmaceuticals (K) ltd (Hygiene Division) - Manufacturing Co.; February 2020 - To Date
Duties and Responsibilities
Verifying documents received, ensuring completeness before processing.
Processing of invoices for suppliers and utilities.
Verifying purchase system documentation to ensure completeness.
Handling payroll and all statutory deductions WHT, NSSF, SHIF, PAYE, and VAT filing.
Reconciling all relevant systems account records and processed incoming and outgoing payments.
Managing ledgers, petty cash analysis, journal postings, and reconciliations.
Preparing information and data to facilitate invoicing.
Setting up new suppliers and debtors in the system, generating ageing analysis, statements of accounts, communication, and follow-up via email and telephone.
Financial reporting roles
Preparing financial statement schedules such as bank and fixed assets reconciliations.
Preparing and adjusting entries and trial balance and analyzing the accounts receivable and ageing reports.
Reconciling accounts receivables with the client checked and verified reports and accounting entries of source documents such as invoices, debits, and credit notes.
Auditing roles
Coordinating specific auditing functions with internal and external auditors.

Accounting Intern
Maridady Motors Ltd / Maridady Motors Sacco Ltd; July to November 2019 Duties and Responsibilities
Handled Maridady motors Sacco's financial transactions and ensured accountability in the same.
Posted members' savings in the system and generated, analyzed, reconciled and sent members' statements.
Responded to customer queries promptly and processed savings receipts.
Received invoices and processed payments.
Processed customer payments, posted and processed receipts, NHIF payments, and processed investors' fees.







